D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Login.baml
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Login.g.cs
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\App.g.cs
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MySnooper.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MySnooper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\ListEditor.baml
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\ListEditor.g.cs
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\FontChooser.baml
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Hosting.baml
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\UserSettings.baml
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\FontChooser.g.cs
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Hosting.g.cs
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\UserSettings.g.cs
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.exe.config
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.exe.manifest
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.application
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.exe
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.pdb
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.g.resources
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.exe.manifest
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.application
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.exe
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.pdb
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MySnooper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\App.baml
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\LeagueSearcher.baml
d:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\LeagueSearcher.g.cs
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\AwayManager.baml
D:\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\AwayManager.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.exe.config
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.exe
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.pdb
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.application
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.exe
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.pdb
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\AwayManager.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\FontChooser.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Hosting.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\LeagueSearcher.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\ListEditor.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\UserSettings.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\App.baml
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\AwayManager.baml
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\FontChooser.baml
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Hosting.baml
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\LeagueSearcher.baml
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\ListEditor.baml
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Login.baml
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\UserSettings.baml
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.g.resources
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MySnooper.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MySnooper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.application
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.exe.config
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.exe
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.pdb
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.exe.manifest
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.application
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.exe
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Great Snooper.pdb
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MySnooper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Login.baml
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\AwayManager.g.cs
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\FontChooser.g.cs
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Hosting.g.cs
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\LeagueSearcher.g.cs
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\ListEditor.g.cs
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Login.g.cs
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\UserSettings.g.cs
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\App.baml
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\AwayManager.baml
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\FontChooser.baml
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Hosting.baml
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\LeagueSearcher.baml
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\ListEditor.baml
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\UserSettings.baml
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.g.resources
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MySnooper.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MySnooper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.exe.manifest
c:\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\Great Snooper.application
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\MySnooper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\News.baml
C:\Users\Tomi\Dropbox\VS\MySnooper\MySnooper\obj\Release\News.g.cs
